Deformation of the Structure due to different loads during flight
Engine bleed air systems bleed high pressure, high temperature air from the engine's low pressure and high pressure ports. The air flow is processed through temperature and pressure control devices and supplied downstream to the aircraft's main air conditioning system, to the airframe anti-icing system and to the main engine starting system. An engine bleed air system consists of temperature control valves, pressure regulating valves, high pressure valves, pre-coolers heat exchangers, high pressure ducting, temperature sensors, pressure sensors, overheat / hot air leak detection devices and a control and monitoring electronic unit.
As for the LOAP, the cut of Wire is a failure mode.
It is necessary to anticipate a possible cut of the harness/cable wire over a length less or equal to the pitch between two attachment points.
Once the harness/cable/bundle/wire is cut, this length may provide damages to the structure by contact.
A mean to protect electrical items from humidity, water... by providing a low point on a wire, a bundle or an harness
Specific routes are required for analogue audio lines in order to avoid interference.
ADF lines between Transmitter/Receiver and antennae are included in this category.
Radius of a bend for a pipe
V routes shall include coaxial lines with high frequency signal (in comparison with T and U route signals)
Electrical bonding is the practice of intentionally electrically connecting all exposed metallic items not designed to carry electricity, as protection from electric shock. 
A meaningful collection of concepts.
A readily flowing fluid, specifically having its molecules moving freely with respect to  each other, but because of cohesive forces, not expanding indefinitely. (INIST)
Excitation route
Extention of parts due to different pressure in the fuselage
A route is defined with a letter and a number. The route category is a letter used to make the distinction between power routes, signal routes and optical routes. (G, X, P, M, D, R, R optical, Q, T, U, V.
X routes shall include wires/cables ensuring power distribution to systems with very high voltage (greater or equal to 230V) and with a maximum power rating of the protection device of 35 Amps.
The sagging of a bundle is the real behavior of physical bundle in A/C due to gravity, ageing, etc. (AI)
Internal Extention of materials due to different temperatures
The failure of one attachment point (LOAP) shall be considered in order that contact with a fuel tank boundary or an adjacent structure (including pipes, equipments, etc).
This category includes 115VAC VF and 28 VDC power supplies of systems with loads lower than or equal to 15 Amps.
This category includes passive wires/cables (i.e. non-sensitive wires/cables and wires/cables which do not necessitate special separation requirements).
wires/cables ensuring power distribution to systems with a maximum voltages of 28VDC and with a power rating of the protection device lower than or equal to 3 Amps.
An ordered collection of concepts, where both the grouping and the ordering are meaningful.
variable to which a value is assigned as the result of measurement
Note: The term “measures” is used to refer collectively to base measures, derived measures, and indicators.
(source: ISO/IEC 15939)
A set of concepts, optionally including statements about semantic relationships between those concepts.
T routes shall include coaxial transmitter lines with high power signal.
D routes shall include wires/cables ensuring power distribution in floating mode to systems requiring specific voltage levels and frequencies (220VAC/50Hz and
110VAC/60Hz) and with a power rating of the protection device lower than or equal to 15 Amps.
U routes shall include coaxial receiver lines with low power signal.
wires/cables ensuring power distribution to systems with 115VAC and 28VDC voltages and with a power rating of the protection device greater than 15 Amps and lower than 50 Amps.
Any object with mass having a definite, firm shape (INIST)
An idea or notion; a unit of thought.
ELECTRICAL GROUNDING or "Grounding" is a safety measure to limit the voltage imposed by lightning, line surges, and contact with higher voltage lines.
A type of Routes for audio and video line supported by optical fiber
Any collection of  molecules characterized  by random  motion  and  the  absence  of
bonds between the molecules. 
G routes shall include wires/cables linked to electrical power generation.
They represent the electrical link between Engine Generator and Main Power Center
