following the table below



they are in contact with


see attached table
 type only.

as a first priority


in fuel tank


at each end
Bus link.


placed on each end NSA936603 (recommended solution)

NSA936601
of 50mm (including margin)
under PAX floor AND above CWB AND MLGB

  behind cabin monuments such as galleys, lavatories or Crew Rest Compartment
in any area where electrical routing modification leads to high maintenance workload

of 9.
above the cargo floor
located above cargo floor
in landing gear bay
in hydraulic compartment
following this picture
following the figure below
following this picture
following this picture
especially for dynamic bundles



to structure given in this table and in SIRI application
from 0 to 180° downwards for horizontal routing
from 0° to 360° for horizontal routing. (See Rqt 3288)
from 0° to 360° for vertical routing


in vertical direction
in horizontal direction





from the last attachment point to the connection

of the sum of the mechanical distance plus sagging/swelling

of 10mm
by type and location
overlength management


 diametrically opposide each other 





minimum 6 times outer bundle diameter
6 times outer diameter minimum
8 times outer diameter minimum
11 times outer diameter minimum
10 times outer diameter minimum
10 times outer diameter minimum
10 times outer diameter minimum
entering connections (e.g. VC, VT, VG, VN)
both sides of pressure and fire seals
taking into account PRA (particular risk analysis)
withstanding  in peak condition minimum 150°C

In accordance with the figure below


size
with a maximum of four kits per bundle.
for the growth of the bundle section (max. diameter = 50mm) 
between stringer P5, P0 and P5'
above the cargo floor
in the fuel tanks.
in fuel vapor area by D>= 50mm
in fuel vapor area by D>= 50mm
in fuel vapor area by 50mm>=D>=25mm with an electrical protection OR a secured routing case A or B
in fuel vapor area by 25mm>=D>=10mm with an electrical protection OR a secured routing case A or B and as well considering loss of one attachment point.
in fuel vapor area by D>= 25mm



below route
beside (horizontal) or above
by 20mm >= D >= 10mm

below the route
beside (horizontal) or above
by D>=50mm
by D>= 25mm

by D >= 13mm

by  D >= 50mm
by 150mm>= D >= 25mm
by D>=150mm
by 25mm>= D >= 13mm
by D >= 13mm


of D>= 10mm after loss of Attachment point to any part
of D>= 10mm after loss of Attachment point to CFRP surfaces (e.g. structures, pipes, etc.)
of D>= 10mm after loss of Attachment point to pipes carrying flammable fluids or oxygen

of L+10mm  shall be provided between bundle and Fuel Tank Wall.
a distance D>=25mm except 4S/5S
a distance D>=50mm to other bundles

a distance D>=25mm to other bundles
zone characteristics concerning the used material with priority:

that total weight of the harness is exceeding 80kg.
in M and S-Routes

minimum 80 mm up to 180°
3x diameter minimum

to be included in the derivation are routed from both sides of the main routing.


at a single position

a pull back area of 250 mm before back shells.










suitable to prevent damage or detoriation







for any component.







following the same installation philosophy than the normal installation.


in Red colour for bundle attachment in fuel tanks.





.
of 2D
for convergent and divergent tapering, with a maximum cone angle of 10° measured from the pipe centre line.
on pneumatic system
by flange standard AS-1895 or equivalent alternative standard.
or receptacles of a self-locking type throughout the entire pneumatic system. If it can not be met, other locking method shall be used: castle nuts with split pins or drilled nuts with lock wire.
without low point in "U shape" (see the attached picture).
for pipe diameter from 0.250 to 0.625 inch.
for pipe diameter from 0.750 to 5.0 inch.


size 4.
for tying bundles

protected with heat shrinking sleeve.
shall be tied up with lacing tape.
with cable tie NSA935401 but in line with requirements DP_92_7.2.3_2356-2362
with cable tie NSA935401 but in line with requirements DP_92_7.2.3_2356-2362
describing stection of the harness to be twisted as well as twisting pitch.

when in direct contact with bundle



on the connection point.
between electrical connection and last attachment point.
e.g. temperature of zones the bundle is installed in.






 or clamp 
installation.



D<= 50mm away from Pressure seal 
of D <=300 mm away from Pressure seal 
of D<= 50mm away fromFire seal 
of D <=300 mm away from fire seal 



(Network 1 and Network 2), see atatched figure



that contact between bundle and bracket is impossible.

(ASNA2328 / ASNA 2327)
(ASNA2328 / ASNA 2327) in hot and fire zones
(ASB1423 ABS1424) exept in hot and fire zones





in hydraulic areas 




to increase distance with regards to structure, bundles or other systems.
in HOT and FIRE areas
in HOT and FIRE areas

in HOT and FIRE Areas.



e.g. NSA 5516BD or ABS1339-D

and metallic clamp ASNE 0033  _x000D_OR_x000D_Low T°  Bobbin + NSA 5516CBD
e.g. NSA 5516 CBF or NSA 5515 in carbon tank
 NSA5516 CBD in Swamp areas.
(not preferred) or NSA5516 CBD + mechanical protection on the bundle
NSA 5516 CBD with mechanical protection
when in Bobbin configuration
(not preferred) or NSA5516 CBD + mechanical protection on the bundle
when installed in Fuel tank
(not preferred) or NSA5516 CBJ + mechanical protection on the bundle
and metallic clamp ASNE 0033  _x000D_
when in Bobbin configuration
and metallic clamp ASNE 0033  _x000D_OR_x000D_High T°  Bobbin + NSA 5516CBD
when in bundle configuration
and metallic clamp ASNE 0033  _x000D_OR_x000D_Low T°  Bobbin + NSA 5516CBJ
less than 3,2 micrometer.
as shown in the sketch below (e.g. NSA5516 or AS 62200)
cable tie with the with of 4.8mm
as shown in the sketch below.

and with a diameter  D<=5mm protected by
and diameter D is   D>= 35mm.  
, position B and C is only to be apllied for bundle with Diamater D <= 25mm.


for new design
, they shall be protected by ASNA 5107-B Black Tape at the level of the fixation.
NSA 935513-01 to 05, the maximum diameter D of the bundle is D<=10mm.
the maximum diamter D of each elementary bundle shall be D <= 35mm.
to attach bundles between floor panel and crossbeams in confined areas.
would result in the loss of the attachment point
would NOT result in the loss of the attachment point
Hot and Fire Zones

to support attachment devices.

without touching the bold head by


the bearings of the ramps system should span an area as detailed in picture below
in a way that they stay in position when bundle is removed:
minimum
with no contect to metallic parts like shown in the picture below.
by clipping or on attachment device ASNE0664 type.


to preventing sliding and rotating,


and by non conductive fixed bracket (A) as priority 2 solution inside FFLZ or inside fluel tank or when HV Routes (230V)  are mounted.
to each other 





e.g. ASNE0663, ANSE0661, ABS2083, when attaching ATA 92 as well as ATA 25.


of D <= 350mm.
where burn through resistance is needed to be taken into account
to replace insulation fasteners.

fixed with two ASNA0033 metallic clamps and black tape ASNA5107-B.

to reduce cuttings, incisions and holes to a minimum.
SIDP21A004D shall be applied to ensure insulation tightness.
of minimum 10mm in case of:
or non conductive structure by 10mm >= D >0mm.
10mm > d >= 0mm
on the primary instlation 

straight at the exits, as illustrated in the sketch below.
with a distance D =< 100mm from the circular grommet. 
.


to a minimum (e.g. fixation point close to rotation center)


ensuring no contact with any structure or other items during movement
a device to guide the harness shall be installed.



between the two fixpoints and secured with cable ties



minimum.

in vibration area as shown in picture below





as near as possible to the conduit entrance and centered at the metallic rigid conduit outlet.

beside the main routing







without additional protection
see attached illustration.



in the axis of the of the cavity
when routed in unpressurezied areas








from the last attachment point to the connector of the equipment or panel.
in the dynaomic section of a bundle.

in _x000D_
- size and length inside the drawing set._x000D_
- bundle length in SWAMP area to define tying pitch_x000D_
- bonding points (e.g. for EN 60498)
in line with the table below
D >=10 mm
D >=10 mm even on a length L >10mm
D >=10 mm even on a length L >10mm
for local protection without derivation
not exceeding 80% at aircraft delivery when length is below 2m. 
not exceeding 60% at aircraft delivery when length is longer 2m. 
length L >3,5mm.
togehter by screwing different sizes.
togehter by screwing different sizes.
to prevent bundle damage.
using a shrink temperature which is in line with the bundle temperature
as defined in figure below.
to guarantee the two independent parallels detection loops.

as short as possible.
which are defined in the attached table.
not less than 10 mm unless otherwise specified.
structure not less than 20 mm unless otherwise specified.
not less than 25 mm unless otherwise specified.

exclusivesly.

without contractions and expansions.
in all zones 
in Temperature areas (E.g. Fan area). Cushion material: silicone rubber.
for restricted access areas (E.g. In Pylon zone in order to limit maintenance operations) Clampblock use is not allowed in hot & fire area.

where in contact with cable with insulating material PTFE or PEEK
where in contact with cable with insulating material like paint finish inline with Spec TNA00710003AA011, or PA6.6 finish
which have a surface roughness >3,2micrometer.
without any low point in the fire extinguishing circuit
in a way to have the low points are located at the nozzle level.
by considering free zones for repair in order to allow the replacement of the tube without having to modify the rest of the installation or to use specific procedures and tools. 
with a cranked tube section if the pipe is supposed to be affected by significant expansions. 
in expansion zones.
with a PTFE inner tube with single or multi-braid stainless steel, Aramid, or equivalent reinforcement, with stainless steel or titanium alloy fittings. 
with at least one bend in the hose routing in order to accommodate length changes.
so that the movement shall not introduce torsion or tension forces.
Please refer to the attached figure.
by a chafing sheath if there is a risk of friction.
in the pylon zone
in the APU zone 

according to NSA0141 with a location as shown in the attached figure.
the installation. They shall be located on adjacent structure so that the item of equipment is clearly identified.
according to ABS0724. 
which are phosphate-ester hydraulic fluid –resistant if it’s likely to be in contact with fuel or hydraulic fluid.
and has to be justified by technical constraints.
as master parts (parametric bracket design).
to be accessible with a torque wrench.
by at least 6mm. The normal gap between the structure and the fire-sensing element should be 15 mm.
with 200 to 250 mm on the support tubes straight parts. 
with 150 mm on bends on the support tubes. 
with 25,4 mm for Silicon Dioxide Harness Installation .
in a maximum distance of 41.9 mm between the first clamp and the end connector of the element.
straight between the first clamp and the end connector of the element.
on straight parts.
on bends

see attached illustration
by cable retainer system 


25mm to both sides of the gap
including 20% capacity of growth in fuselage
including 20% capacity of growth in wing leading edge
including 20% capacity of growth in wing trailing edge
in wing




with at least one removable end (e.g. connector, terminal, etc.
in all areas except hot areas, with at least one removable end (e.g. connector, terminal, etc.) 
in hot areas,
and ABS 1571 pressure seal


taken into account the table below





with fire protection means, e.g. stainless steel boxes.


on the insulation
on the insulation
along the entire length


in pink colour for all the safety cables/wires (whatever the cable/wire material)
in grey colour for aluminium cable/wire
white for non aluminium cables/wires
to be printed with identification characters in black colour.
only DRAW WIRE shall be indicated on the sleeve.
with only SPARE WIRE printed on the sleeve


in white color or in pink color for EFCS routes
in white color or in pink color for EFCS routes
in white color or in red color for EFCS routes on copper cables / wires or in pink color for EFCS routes on alluminium cables / wires
 at maximum D<=150mm from cable end


placed behind the lug not on the crimped area.
printed black on white background for each core
each core after untwisting over a length of L>20cm
with a white background printed in black or with a pink background printed in black on safety wires
in pink color
minimum L>200mm from the rear of the coax contact showing a warning "NO TYING BEYOND THIS POINT"
as detailed in the figure below with
1. Sleeve, phase identification
2. Sleeve, cable/wire identification high T°
3. Label, FIN identification
4. Label, Feeder identification
5. Label, Route identification
6. Label, Route identification neaar flag datum marker
7. Tape, flag datum marker
8. Label Route identification marker
9. Label, FIN identification marker
as detailed in the figure below with
near each electrical item on bundle
near each electrical item on bundle

printed black on white background for all circuits except EFCS and printed black on pink background for EFCS
and not be group togehter the other routes.
when installed in unpressurized area.
near each electrical item 


near each harness extremity printed in black on white background
indicating the route category
printed black on yellow background



(FIN, Route, cable identification) in the same way as electrical cable/wire and harnesses.
printed in black on White Background.

in light blue background with black line pre printed.
at cneterline of the last attachment point located on either side of the moving parts of the harness (e.g. VU or aircraft door hinges, actuator controls, etc.)

in a zone without conduit.

as shown in the figure below
as shown in the figure below
as shown in the figure below
 in the centerline of the last attachment points on either side  of the moving part as shwon in the picture above
indicating the following information
fitted near that receptable with white Background printed in black as shown in the figure below
printed with "Caution high Voltage inside" see also below

by endible marking, see figure below
equipment.
for the cutouts




in hydraulic zones
on interface areas
in vibration zones

in hot zones
in fuel immersion zones
in flammable fluid leackage zones
in swamp area
in Fire area
in Fire area

in pressurized areas.
in unpressurized areas.

vertical axis orientation, see as well attached figure.
in top orientation, see as well attached figure
orientation.
shown in the picture below, looking at the fixed connector from the front view,
shown in the picture below.
straight between the detector head and first fastening clamp of Fire Detection Sensing Circuit.
taking into account connector dimensions
that they can not get into contact with rainwater.
in swamp and Flammable fluid leackage zones
as shown in the picture below
providing space D for the access to the screws for fixation.
module 1 located at one rail extremity
in groups of four (maximum),
as described in figure below

to ensure 2.5 mm additional clearance between the bundle and the mechanical part of the pressure seal.

for passing from pessurized to unpressurized area for all other routes.
with backshell
toguide bundle from fire areas to other areas.
and solder sleeve.
for basic design, except for CAN-Bus technology.

 when located 
ensuring that they are
circuits.
in horitontal position and placed on either side of the end plate NSA 936809.
in horitontal position and placed on either side of the end plate NSA 936809.
only

of 15mm



given in the picture below



of 350mm
in a manner that the fixation is accesseable in any case.
for each route.
In high vibration level installation areas

between two adjacent bends as follow:
on the sense-line as close as possible to the detector housing.


like in the figure below
like in the figure below
in pressurized area
in un-pressurized area
by their own clip and snap technology
inside fuel tanks
for
moduls




to be remobvable individually.


with dimensions shown in the figure below
as defined in the table below
with












by taking into account

along the piping.


between the bends for 2 successive (distance < 10 D) 90° bends in the same plane.








from base flange over a length of L=50mm +- 5mm after shrinking.
See also figure below
see as well attached picture.
with a maximum angle +-60° referenced to aircraft axis.





removable blanket, when installed in the ceiling area.












against missue by the following means:
and sealed modules shall be used.




except if installed inside VU
except if installed inside VU
in al area except inside VU
inside VU
when installed outside VU
when installed outside VU
when installed outside VU

when contact to other bundle or structure is possible.

which are protuding 1,5 thread after tightening, see picture below.






are connected.
at outlets of contacts with reduced barrels (i.e.: ARINC 600 gauge 12 contact with gauge 24 to gauge 18 cables/wires),

arounfd the bundle
to limit the loads applied to the bundle.
to limit the loads applied to the bundle in case of thick bundle.



see in the table below:

device (partition wall, terminal block covers, etc ...) 


by taking into account the following rules:
depending on routing to the VT:
for more then





fixation.


following the picture below.

for visual inspection of locking.



laid out from left to right in the order 1, 2, 3, 4, etc., for an operator facing the panel whatever the position of the operator.
see attached graphik


which are non loosable or non remobale.




as detailed in graphic below
in english  language.
as detailed in graphic below
showing functional item and the VU number.
to identify mounted on modules 
following the rules for normal AC wiring.

except for
for
when connected to the same standard equipment.
by 10mm minimum
by 20mm minimum
with a basic clearance to each other as shown in the attached figures
with a minimum clearance to each other as shown in the attached figure
according to the attached table
only
between 0° and 90°
of 2D or 3D as shown in the attached figure
for independent parallel detection loops as defined in the attached figure
without contractions and expansions as far as possible

with a maximum distance as defined in the attached table
with a clearance of at least 10mm as shown at the attached figure
without any low point in the fire extinguishing circuit as shown in the attached figure
with sufficient space for replacement in case of repair. (see attached figures)
with maximum one elbow fitting. 
which are defined in the attached table
which are defined in the attached table
according to NSA0141 with a location as shown in the attached figure
in the fuel-tank.
only in the sizes as defined in the attached table





in hidden zones and within the fuel tank.

for dash -20 & -24 sizes where high deflection levels may occur


to neighbouring pipes
close to one fixation point

with repair zones
with a minimum 5 mm additional gap between unions
after two fixation points after bends






at bending branches of pipes.





which are fixed directly to composite structure.


in pressurized areas. 
inside fuel tank
inside fuel tank


as close as possible to pipe end extremities.
in the fuel tank 

in a sufficient distance from the pipe extremity
which has to be located next to the equipment
with bend angles depending on the used material.














between the two existing attachment points













passing from pressurised zones to non-pressurised zones (or vice versa).


in the fuel tanks




in fuel component areas.
passing through any fuel tank boundaries
through all other tank ribs (within fuel tanks),







in the tank area 



in distortion areas 







at aircraft section interfaces (Fuselage-Wing and Fuselage-HTP/VTP)



in a pressurized zone or close to electrical connectors 








in a vertical position. 


in junction zones to not protrude beyond frames before the junction. 
in junction zones

with a maximum length of 500 mm regardless of the diameter. 
fixation.
by not less than 10 mm as shown in attached figures.
by not less than 20 mm as shown in attached figure.
by not less than 10 mm as shown in attached figure.
by not less than 25 mm as shown in attached figure.

at alternating positions as shown in the attached figure.
close to one fixation point.


as long as possible in pressurized and thermally regulated areas of the fuselage.
between 3D and 5D.
by taking into account a minimum straight distance between two successive bends of 25mm as shown in the attached figure and table.
for specific cases as shown at the attached figure.










where it is attached to

























per side at section interfaces 



in my opinion i think that














by taking zone specific parameters into account for clearances like:




























in plastic version

