PJeni GUI doesn't check for existance of macros.mac. It should and report error if the file doesn't exist. PJeni  Client, on the other hand, ensures this. Base Jeni reports this and gives output of 0 sentences. 
Put a notice on PJeni to say that output has been written to the file. 
On JenI (and PJeni), when the argument for .mph file is absent, the <missing: indicator should not be shown, instead use the word itself.
Put log message of PJeni to some file other than the jeni.log file itself.



PGen (Parser) :
Place the option of underspecified/fullyspecified lexicon and check for this option in the code to look for and use only that lexicon during parsing. For now, using fake empty file "no_underspecified_lexicon

2. DL axioms incomplete in case of unification problems
3. Replace semtop by owl:Thing
4. closesb not working in CustomTextReplacement
5. Grammar Improvements : 
	Add adjoining trees for determiners
6. Relation name "identify", "labelled" etc. are in fact concept names in the ontology and not properties.
7. The complex prepositions are not yet treated as one word during parsing.
8. Empty output directory before each execution.
9. Generation timeout problem
10. The relation names such as "identify", "label" etc. should be in fact DL concepts.
11. Put sentence number at the end of each Failure/Success sentence log.
12. Replace _+_ sign with static field name and replace their occurrances globally.
13. Make static method in nlptools for getting JavaRegexReplace
14. Working for DL semantics and ObjectComplementOf of "not" tree.
15. ParseResult object is created 2 times -- the last time just for checking word order; that should be done by simple function without creating the 
Parseresult object.
16. "The axiom doesn't follow the functional owl syntax:" error in console
17. "in" prep is not replaced during lex entry creation from underspecified lexicon.

For Anastasia :
The DL Semantics obtained from both the sentences "X shall be Y by Z" and "X shall NOT be Y by Z" are added to the ontology. One should conflict with the other and not be added??
